Words added to wordlist.txt to tackle the spellcheck errors thrown (#73)
kubeslice/docs: versioned_docs/version-0.2.0/getting-started-with-cloud-clusters/tutorials/deploying-the-bookinfo-application-on-an-intra-cluster-slice.mdx

## Uninstalling Istio Bookinfo
To uninstall Istio Bookinfo from your KubeSlice configuration, follow the instructions 

> in [off-boarding namespaces](/versioned_docs/version-0.2.0/getting-started-with-cloud-clusters/uninstalling-kubeslice/off-boarding-namespaces.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in [offboarding namespaces](/versioned_docs/version-0.2.0/getting-started-with-cloud-clusters/uninstalling-kubeslice/offboarding-namespaces.mdx).
```
